So, now let's talk about the personality, about the behavior of these hybrids, a mix of animals and humans. The thing is that this had its cost, their creation. I mean, they didn't turn out like humans, and since DNA from different creatures was mixed there, and accordingly, their behavior, I mean how they behaved, was also very strongly influenced by this.

First of all, almost all, at least many of these hybrids, right, I mean like Werewolf, Lizardman, Centaur, Sphinx, Anubis-they were all very lustful. I mean exactly that, lustful toward each other and toward humans in general. I mean, since there was this human DNA, they liked humans a lot in a sexual sence. I mean, they wanted to contact them one way or another, specifically in a sexual sense, maybe even build some kind of unions. Many even fell in love. Yes, that even happened. This is very important to know.

Second point-they were all wild. This combination: lion, human and scorpion, for example, Anubis-human-jackal, they were wild. These were powerful beasts, they were dominant, dominants with huge musculature, very strong, tall. I mean, literally 2 meters 40 centimeters-that's how tall they even were. Indeed, these are very powerful creatures, physically strong, resilient. And most importantly-wild.

But nevertheless, they were sentient. They were sentient, they also had their own desires, their own emotions, fears, and they could quite well coexist with ordinary people. I mean, actually, we'll show this everywhere in our story-they really lived side by side with other people. Moreover, in Ancient Egypt and in the past in general, they were considered almost as gods and non-existent creatures.

I mean, well, just imagine: you see ordinary people, horses, right, dogs, cats and so on all your life. And then a human with a dog's head stands before you, for example. Well, imagine, right? I mean, you don't see them every day. You saw them only once, maybe even in your life. And what will be your first emotion? Fear? Well, probably yes, most likely fear. And the second emotion when you talk to him? Cool, right? What if we could even be some kind of lovers, right?